README.md, before:

# Andrés Díaz Take Home Exercise

## Instructions
The goal of this exercise is to write a client library in Go to access our fake account API, which is provided as a Docker
container in the file `docker-compose.yaml` of this repository. Please refer to the
[Form3 documentation](http://api-docs.form3.tech/api.html#organisation-accounts) for information on how to interact with the API.

If you encounter any problems running the fake account API we would encourage you to do some debugging first,
before reaching out for help.

### The solution is expected to
- Be written in Go
- Contain documentation of your technical decisions
- Implement the `Create`, `Fetch`, `List` and `Delete` operations on the `accounts` resource. Note that filtering of the List operation is not required, but you should support paging
- Be well tested to the level you would expect in a commercial environment. Make sure your tests are easy to read.

#### Docker-compose
 - Add your solution to the provided docker-compose file
 - We should be able to run `docker-compose up` and see your tests run against the provided account API service 

### Please don't
- Use a code generator to write the client library
- Use (copy or otherwise) code from any third party without attribution to complete the exercise, as this will result in the test being rejected
- Use a library for your client (e.g: go-resty). Only test libraries are allowed.
- Implement an authentication scheme
- Implement support for the fields `data.attributes.private_identification`, `data.attributes.organisation_identification`
  and `data.relationships`, as they are omitted in the provided fake account API implementation
  
## How to submit your exercise
- Include your name in the README. If you are new to Go, please also mention this in the README so that we can consider this when reviewing your exercise
- Create a private [GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/articles/create-a-repo) repository, copy the `docker-compose` from this repository
- [Invite](https://help.github.com/en/articles/inviting-collaborators-to-a-personal-repository) @form3tech-interviewer-1 to your private repo
- Let us know you've completed the exercise using the link provided at the bottom of the email from our recruitment team

## License
Copyright 2019-2020 Form3 Financial Cloud

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Added technical decisions on the readme file.

README.md, after:

# Andrés Díaz Take Home Exercise

## Technical decisions
- I have implemented the needed `accounts` client library and I tried to make it decoupled from the HTTP implementation.
- As you can see on the project structure, someone that needs to use my library can use the model `account` and also use the desired implementation as the HTTP implementation that is already exported.
- I also implemented a repository interface to fix the contract and allow the library to use another implementation that fits with this interface.

## Instructions
The goal of this exercise is to write a client library in Go to access our fake account API, which is provided as a Docker
container in the file `docker-compose.yaml` of this repository. Please refer to the
[Form3 documentation](http://api-docs.form3.tech/api.html#organisation-accounts) for information on how to interact with the API.

If you encounter any problems running the fake account API we would encourage you to do some debugging first,
before reaching out for help.

### The solution is expected to
- Be written in Go
- Contain documentation of your technical decisions
- Implement the `Create`, `Fetch`, `List` and `Delete` operations on the `accounts` resource. Note that filtering of the List operation is not required, but you should support paging
- Be well tested to the level you would expect in a commercial environment. Make sure your tests are easy to read.

#### Docker-compose
 - Add your solution to the provided docker-compose file
 - We should be able to run `docker-compose up` and see your tests run against the provided account API service 

### Please don't
- Use a code generator to write the client library
- Use (copy or otherwise) code from any third party without attribution to complete the exercise, as this will result in the test being rejected
- Use a library for your client (e.g: go-resty). Only test libraries are allowed.
- Implement an authentication scheme
- Implement support for the fields `data.attributes.private_identification`, `data.attributes.organisation_identification`
  and `data.relationships`, as they are omitted in the provided fake account API implementation
  
## How to submit your exercise
- Include your name in the README. If you are new to Go, please also mention this in the README so that we can consider this when reviewing your exercise
- Create a private [GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/articles/create-a-repo) repository, copy the `docker-compose` from this repository
- [Invite](https://help.github.com/en/articles/inviting-collaborators-to-a-personal-repository) @form3tech-interviewer-1 to your private repo
- Let us know you've completed the exercise using the link provided at the bottom of the email from our recruitment team

## License
Copyright 2019-2020 Form3 Financial Cloud

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
